everyone I'm on e and on today's product
randoms we're going with a classic our
favorite mascaras I literally feel like
I've tried every mascara ever produced
highs lows department store drugstores
and I always always go back to Lancome
Hypnose I don't care what anyone says
this is hands-down best mascara in the
world that's it that's all there is to
it the best mascara I agree however
right now I'm using a different one
because I'm going through that I'm gonna
try something else I always sheet on
Lancome Hypnose always come back and I
always come back well okay I'm really
happy with this as well so it's the Too
Faced better than sex which I think
we've all agreed is not better than sad
but that's what the name is um it's
really good so neurotic right this is
their x-rated line the wand is pretty
thick and I feel nope uninhabited best
better than other than sex no pun
intended um the wand is on the thinkers
and that's what I feel like it does it's
very volumizing it's not lengthening
this lengthens volumizes and spreads it
like that but this one is pretty good
too well mine is the seal of sexy
guaranteed by victoria's secret sexy
name I know it's called the lash lust
and i love victoria secret because
they're no for the bombshells in the
bedroom and always have the like smoky
dark eyes so although i'm not a big fan
of their other makeup products i always
get the lash lust it has two sides on it
it has the longer and shorter side so
you can do a different coat for each to
get that extra length on
and they look fake we look like
fake eyelashes but they're not so I love
it my favorite Wow everyone's eyelashes
are so sexy a minor called full and soft
mascara it's like more of a natural look
from Maybelline drugstore brand can get
it anywhere a couple blocks I've been
with this for probably the last three
years things they usually wear a lot of
upper eyeliner and I don't want too much
happening on top of my upper eyeliner
this gives it a nice clean I'm looking
like the pretty classic brush spiral and
it's good for layering I really like
layering for when I go out with about
two or three coats but usually every day
it's like one coat only um this is my
go-to absolutely but I love it as much
as you love your Lancome i love my
Maybelline duh yeah that's right
hopefully we convince you to try one of
our favorite mascaras for more product
randoms check out modem opcom